docs/resources/alerting_channel.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "squaredup_alerting_channel Resource - terraform-provider-squaredup"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SquaredUp Alerting Channel
---

# squaredup_alerting_channel (Resource)

SquaredUp Alerting Channel

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "squaredup_alerting_channel_types" "example" {
  display_name = "Slack API"
}

resource "squaredup_alerting_channel" "slack_api_alert" {
  display_name    = "Slack Alert - Team DevOps"
  channel_type_id = data.squaredup_alerting_channel_types.example.alerting_channel_types[0].channel_id
  config = jsonencode({
    channel = "devops"
    token   = "some-token"
  })
  enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel_type_id` (String) The ID of the alerting channel type
- `config` (String, Sensitive) The configuration of the alerting channel
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the alerting channel
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the alerting channel is enabled

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the alerting channel
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated time of the alerting channel

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Alerting Channel can be imported by specifying channel id.
terraform import squaredup_alerting_channel.example channel-123
```

Commit message:

enable description for alert channels

docs/resources/alerting_channel.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "squaredup_alerting_channel Resource - terraform-provider-squaredup"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SquaredUp Alerting Channel
---

# squaredup_alerting_channel (Resource)

SquaredUp Alerting Channel

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "squaredup_alerting_channel_types" "example" {
  display_name = "Slack API"
}

resource "squaredup_alerting_channel" "slack_api_alert" {
  display_name    = "Slack Alert - Team DevOps"
  channel_type_id = data.squaredup_alerting_channel_types.example.alerting_channel_types[0].channel_id
  description     = "Channel for DevOps team"
  config = jsonencode({
    channel = "devops"
    token   = "some-token"
  })
  enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel_type_id` (String) The ID of the alerting channel type
- `config` (String, Sensitive) The configuration of the alerting channel
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the alerting channel
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the alerting channel is enabled

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description for the alerting channel

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the alerting channel
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated time of the alerting channel

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Alerting Channel can be imported by specifying channel id.
terraform import squaredup_alerting_channel.example channel-123
```
